I may say now that we have all seven tables in our database we actually need to insert some data into
these tables.
So in the resources section for this lecture are seven scripts one script for each table and they contain
an insert into statement which we are going to run and data into each of our tables.
So the first file that I want to open is called films data and it should look like this.
And we need to copy and paste this into my school work bench and is going to enter all our films into
our films table.
So it's going to be 12 films.
So we need to run this insert into statement and then we can select stuff from films to make sure that
worked.
And you can see we now have 12 films in our films table.
So copy and paste the script into my school work bench and do that and run that statement.
And then once you've done that for films we need to do the same for customers.
So open custom and data flow and copy and paste this into my school workbench So we have a lot of customers
in our customers table.
So copy paste run the stateman and then select stuff from customers just to make sure that that's works
as well and you can see we have our customers in our customer table now and then we need to do the same
for rooms.
So we put in rooms data copy and paste into my school work bench and right.
So we just have free rooms in our cinema and then named after famous directors.
So now we need to select stuff from Marines and you can see we have free rooms on the number of seats
in each room.
So we need to open the screenings data file.
We need to copy and paste this into my school work bench as well.
So we have a lot of screenings this data took a long time to write out but it will be worth it in the
end.
So copy that paste it into my school work bench and run the query to insert into the screenings table.
And again we just want to make sure that that works by selecting stuff from screenings and you can see
we have all screenings in screenings table.
OK.
Now we need to do the same for seats so open seats on the school data and we can copy and paste this
into my school work bench
and run the query.
Select stuff from C S And We have our data analysis table that we need to do the same for bookings data
sets contains all our bookings Cinematheque online bookings.
So copy that
paste it into my home my school work bench run the query.
Now we have our bookings data to check out by selecting staw from the bookings table
of the data.
And then finally we need to open the reserve seat data file.
We need to copy and paste this into my school work bench and you can see we have a lot of reserved seats
and
copy paste run that query
and then just to make sure that it works.
We want to select stuff from reserve seat
and then we have all the data and a quick explanation of the data.
Basically the data is showing all the bookings and films and customers that was shown in October 2017.
So if we select stock from films you can see we have Blade Runner 2049 dunker.
So these are films that were shown in October.
And if we select stuff from screenings you can see the screening date is 2017 October 1st and then the
final screening is on the thirty first of October.
So all our screenings in October and then basically we have all our bookings for screenings in October.
So now we have the data entered into our database.
We can move on to the next section and start selecting from this database.